A what is up.
Everybody this is Jason with slopes dot com.
And in this video we are going to talk about CSSA grouping now grouping in CSSA is a technique used
to help reduce code redundancies so many times in your in your code or your success you're going to
have different selectors that are going to have the same declarations on them.
So for example let's go ahead and get rid of this head or two here and I'm going to take this one.
And just for example purposes go ahead and copy that and then paste it two times.
All right.
So we've got that.
And then let's just pretend this is a class of some sort and then pretend this is like an idea of some
sort.
So we might have this one tag in our page and then a class and an ID somewhere in it and they have the
same exact style declarations on them right.
So what we can do is you can actually take these and group them all together into one declaration.
And here's how in your head or one here.
Go ahead and put a comma.
And for this I'm going to put a head or two comma and head or three.
All right go ahead and just delete this class an ID example that we had down here.
All right so we've got a group here of a head or one head or two and a head or three.
And we're assigning a color of white.
We've got a text shadow on this.
And what we're saying is every head or one and every head or two and every head or three apply this
style rule to it.
OK.
So go ahead and save that and then come over to your HTL.
We're going to add a head or three here and go ahead and write whatever you want.
I'm going to write.
I wish Red Bull gave me wings.
I do I wish.
All right.
So we've got a head or three in here.
And then I'm going to I just kind of want to define these.
So put one there and put a head or two here give a space and then go ahead and put a head or three awesome
and then so we can get some more headers here.
Let's see where our container closes closes here right at the bottom.
Outside of this go ahead and add a better one.
And then we're going to do a head or one example I should build tree swing and then we can do another
one here with a head or two and go ahead and add that to there and put.
Let's see.
I hope the rope doesn't break.
All right.
Cool.
I hope it doesn't break now.
So we've got a few different headers on here.
Let's go ahead and save that and then launch it and let's preview this
all right.
So cool.
So we've got all of our head on one so we grouped the ones twos and threes together we can see it's
applying our white fun and our tech shadow in there.
Pretty cool stuff.
Now let's do something else we can.
We can actually add one more style rules to this.
We can go ahead and add a line height of let's just put one rim unit there and then we can even go ahead
and add a font family of like sans serif here.
OK so what we're doing here is we're taking a group where we're setting a standard for these elements
here we're saying hey every single head are one two and three we are going to apply these style rules
to it and then down the road if we want to change a color or a font family on some of these letters
you can go ahead and add classes to those and get a little bit more specific with your style rule so
you can target the specific specific head or one tags for example that you want to change.
And in this not only can we you know grab just elements selectors if you wanted to group like a class
and here you could go ahead and throw a class and here if it has this same style rules and you can even
go ahead and add an ID.
Just make sure that every single one of these is separated by a comma and you can literally add infinite
elements classes and ideas inside of this and then apply a standard for a style rule here so very cool
stuff so style rules.
I mean CSSA grouping is very helpful.
It's going to do a couple of things.
It's going to help the redundancy of your code.
It's going to save you time from repeating the same style rules to different elements.
It's also going to help the browser load your page a lot quicker by grouping this.
It's not going to have to read as so many classes or different style rules that you assign to these
so cool stuff.
Very very helpful.
That is CSSA grouping.
Let's move on.